add some examples of app/addon/engine usage (#222)
linkedin/eyeglass: packages/ember-cli-eyeglass/README.md

// path/to/app/ember-cli-build.js
const app = new EmberApp(defaults, {
  eyeglass: {

>     discover: true,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /* Enable discovery of Sass files to compile.
       All files not beginning with an underscore will be compiled. */
    discover: true,
```

});
```

Given the following layout:

```sh
app/styles/app.scss
           other.scss
           _shared.scss
```

Will result in:

`assets/<app-name>.css` containing the compiled output of `app/styles/app.scss`
`assets/foo.css` containing the compiled output of `app/styles/foo.scss`

> The contents of `app/styles/_shared.scss` will be include only if required, and will appear in the file which imported them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The contents of `app/styles/_shared.scss` will not be compiled directly but will be available for import. For example, `app.scss` can have `@import "shared";` to include the contents of that file in its output.
```

> The contents of `app/styles/_shared.scss` will be include only if required, and will appear in the file which imported them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The contents of `app/styles/_shared.scss` will be included only if required, and will appear in the file(s) which imported them.
```

> The contents of `app/styles/_shared.scss` will be include only if required, and will appear in the file which imported them.

Reviewer 2: You should reference that the underscore indicates that this is a partial, and link to this https://sass-lang.com/guide#topic-4

Author: chris added a note to cover this

> If `app/styles/app.scss` imported `_shared.scss` then `assets/<app-name>.css` will then also contain the contents of `app/styles/_partial.scss`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Note: files beginning with an underscore are called *partials* in Sass's documentation.)
```

> If `app/styles/app.scss` imported `_shared.scss` then `assets/<app-name>.css` will then also contain the contents of `app/styles/_partial.scss`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If `app/styles/app.scss` imported `_shared.scss` then `assets/<app-name>.css` will then also contain the contents of `app/styles/_shared.scss`.
```

### Addons

> To make an ember-addon (both in-repo and from node_modules) behave as an eyeglass module, add `ember-cli-eyeglass` as a dependency of the addon in question. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make an ember-addon (both in-repo and from node_modules) behave as an eyeglass module, add `"eyeglass-module"` to the `package.json`'s `"keywords"` array and add the [relevant config](https://github.com/linkedin/eyeglass/tree/master/packages/eyeglass#writing-an-eyeglass-module) to the `"eyeglass"` property in `package.json`. To compile the addon's styles from `addon/styles` using eyeglass, add `ember-cli-eyeglass` as a dependency of the addon in question.
```

ember-addons have two important directories, `app` and `addon`:

#### my-addon/app/styles

> These assets are only considered for top-level addons, nested-addons have their `app` directory ignored.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These assets are only considered for top-level addons, stylesheets in `app` directories of nested-addons are ignored.
```

Given the following folder structure:

> ```sh

Reviewer: This isn't shell syntax... why not just use a bare triple-backtick?

my-addon/app/styles/
                   /my-addon.scss
                   /my-other-file.scss

>                    /-a-partial.scss

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                   /_a-partial.scss
```

                      
```

> * `my-addon/app/styles` `scss` files will become independent css files in the built output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `my-addon/app/styles` - The non-partial `scss` files will become independent css files in the built output.
```

> * `my-addon/addon/styles` `scss` files will be merged into your applications `vendor.css`;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `my-addon/addon/styles` - The non-partial `scss` files will be compiled and the output merged into your application's `vendor.css`;
```

Will result in:

`assets/my-addon.css` containing the compiled output of `my-addon/app/styles/my-addon.scss`
`assets/my-other-file.css` containing the compiled output of `my-addon/app/styles/my-other-file.scss`

> `-a-partial.scss` will not be included by default, unless the files in `my-app/app/styles/` or `my-addon/app/styles` import it.

Reviewer 2: does this mean that a leading dash is an alternate way to indicate files are partials?

Author: likely just a typo on my side, i think `_` is the right prefix

> `-a-partial.scss` will not be included by default, unless the files in `my-app/app/styles/` or `my-addon/app/styles` import it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`_a-partial.scss` will not be included by default, unless the files in `my-app/app/styles/` or `my-addon/app/styles` import it.
```

#### my-addon/addon/styles/

> These assets merged namespaced by the current addons name for all addons.

Reviewer: I don't understand how this works. Does compilation happen for each addon and then the compiled trees are merged? Or is a single source tree created and one of the addons's configuration is used to compile the merge result?

Author: @chriseppstein it depends:

* if the treeForX hook is unchanged, the given add-on + version will produce 1 tree that is used everywhere were requested
* if the treeForX hook is custom, and a cacheKeyForTreeHook is not implemented, it will be a fresh tree for each request
* if the treeForX hook is custom, but a cacheKeyForTreeHook is implemented, it will once again be 1 tree per name + version

Reviewer: 👍

Given the following folder structure:

```sh
my-addon/addon/styles/
                     /_shared.scss
                     /my-addon.scss
                     /secondary.scss             
```

> The contents of `my-addon/addon/styles/my-addon.scss` will be added to `assets/vendor.css`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The contents of `my-addon/addon/styles/my-addon.scss` will be added to `assets/vendor.css`.
```

> The contesnt of `my-addon/addon/styles/secondary.scss` will be added to `assets/vendor.css`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The contents of `my-addon/addon/styles/secondary.scss` will be added to `assets/vendor.css`.
```

  }
});
```
 
Given the following folder structure:

```sh

my-engine/
         /app/styles/
                    /my-engine.scss
                    /my-other-file.scss
                    /_shared.scss
         /addon/styles/
                      /_shared.scss
                      /my-engine.scss
                      /secondary.scss             
```

If this is an eager engine:
 

> The contents of `my-engine/app/styles/my-engine.scss` will become `dist/assets/eager.css`

Reviewer: it's named `eager.css`? does that file contain the css of all eager addons?

Author: ah, it should be called `my-engine.css` my example i was working from had it's eager engine named `eager` . Let me correct

The contents of `my-engine/app/styles/my-other-file.scss` will become `dist/assets/my-other-file.css`
The contents of `my-engine/app/styles/_shared.scss` will only be included if `my-engine.scss` or `my-other-file.scss` explicitly import them.

The contents of `my-engine/addon/styles/my-addon.scss` will be added to `dist/assets/vendor.css`
The contents of `my-engine/addon/styles/secondary.scss` will be added to `dist/assets/vendor.css`
The contents of `my-engine/addon/styles/_shared.scss` will only be included if `my-addon.scss` or `secondary.scss` explicitly import them.

If this is a lazy engine:

The contents of `my-engine/app/styles/my-engine.scss` will become ???

> The contents of `my-engine/app/styles/my-other-file.scss` will become ???

Author: TODO

> The contents of `my-engine/app/styles/_shared.scss` will become ???

Author: TODO

  }
});
```
 
Given the following folder structure:

```
my-engine/
         /app/styles/
                    /my-engine.scss
                    /my-other-file.scss
                    /_shared.scss
         /addon/styles/
                      /_shared.scss
                      /my-engine.scss
                      /secondary.scss             
```

If this is an eager engine:
 

The contents of `my-engine/app/styles/my-engine.scss` will become `dist/assets/my-engine.css`
The contents of `my-engine/app/styles/my-other-file.scss` will become `dist/assets/my-other-file.css`
The contents of `my-engine/app/styles/_shared.scss` will only be included if `my-engine.scss` or `my-other-file.scss` explicitly import them.

The contents of `my-engine/addon/styles/my-addon.scss` will be added to `dist/assets/vendor.css`
The contents of `my-engine/addon/styles/secondary.scss` will be added to `dist/assets/vendor.css`
The contents of `my-engine/addon/styles/_shared.scss` will only be included if `my-addon.scss` or `secondary.scss` explicitly import them.

If this is a lazy engine:

> The contents of `my-engine/app/styles/my-engine.scss` will be ignored

Author: @chriseppstein I have no idea where these go, but they seem to be ignored. Future investigation can figure this out. But as we are just documenting todays behavior, I'll  likely leave the docs as is...

Reviewer: agree.

The contents of `my-engine/app/styles/my-other-file.scss` will be ignore

> The contents of `my-engine/app/styles/_shared.scss` will be ignored

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The contents of `my-engine/app/styles/_shared.scss` will be ignored unless imported.
```
